#summary The description and justification of Mobile Musician

= Description =

Mobile Musician is an application for the iPod touch or iPhone that consists of a grid of squares that, when touched or slid into from another square, plays a musical note.  The boxes on the grid (whose dimensions will be chosen by the user with a max and min that are to be determined) will each contain a different note and will be arranged so that, starting in the top left corner and sliding a finger to the right, an entire scale would be played (the root and type of scale will also be selected by the user through a menu).  So for example, if the user chooses the E minor scale, the notes of the first two rows of the grid would look like this:

{{{
E - F# - G - A - B - C  - D
D - C  - B - A - G - F# - E
}}}

The user does not have to slide the finger—notes are allowed to be pressed individually and in any random order, if desired.  Since the idea of the project meant to act as inspiration for musicians, I will include features that randomize the order of the notes, change the instrument, change the type of scale and root, play a metronome, and record a phrase.  Some instruments that intended to use are piano, violin, cello, acoustic guitar, and electric guitar, and some scales featured would be the major, natural minor, harmonic minor, blues, major and minor pentatonic, diminished, chromatic, and user defined scales.  When a recorded phrase is played, it will spit back what notes were contained in it and in what order so that if a user finds a particular phrase desirable, they can replay it on their specific instrument.  As mentioned before, the program is designed for musicians in need of inspiration, or just the average person who enjoys making noise and needs something to do with his or her hands.  This project was inspired by [http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/519245 Mouse Operated Instrument] and [http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pocket-drums/id301294780?mt=8 Pocket Drums].  


= Justification =

I believe that I am justified in making Mobile Musician my project for this class because it incorporates and extends ideas of previous computer science classes that I have attended, mainly Programming Languages, Interaction Design, and 3D Graphics.  To program this App, I need to learn Objective C, a programming language with which I am generally unfamiliar, so I will need to utilize the principles that I learned in Programming Languages to minimize the amount of time needed to do this.  Also, approximately eighty percent of the program relies on a good GUI, which can be achieved through use of knowledge learned in both Interaction Design (particularly direct manipulation ideas such as mouse events and feedback) and 3D Graphics.  As I discovered last semester while learning Canvas, concepts related to 3D Graphics often carry over to the second dimension (or vice versa is probably more appropriate), particularly matrix transformations and animation, which would be involved in providing feedback, since I intend a touch to animate a particular box in some way.

I also think that the project is of the appropriate difficulty for one semester, especially since I'm structuring the project so that I will have a working, but minimal project (i.e. one that plays the notes correctly when pressed) fairly quickly, but I have enough extra features to keep me busy until the end of the semester. Furthermore, if I did in fact underestimate the amount of work, I can leave out a feature that I had planned but still have a working project.  

I think it is safe to make the assumption that it is a project that my classmates, my instructor, and I would find interesting, mostly because I'm fairly certain any musician would find it amusing to toy around with a music App, and four out of the five us play an instrument.  I guarantee that anyone that enjoys creating will similarly enjoy this app.

Here is the [http://prezi.com/mlwebriahlnt/cmsi-402-project-proposal/ presentation's Prezi].