#summary The Software Development Plan for Mobile Musician

=Software Development Plan for Mobile Musician=

==4.1 Introduction==

The Software Development Plan describes the planned development for the software project Mobile Musician. 

Mobile Musician is an iPod and iPhone Application intended for the creation of music through a grid of buttons with different notes on them.  

===4.1.1 Project Deliverables ===

  * Requirements Specification Document.  Due 2011-02-01.  The list of requirements for Mobile Musician software.  
  * Software Development Plan.  Due 2011-02-08.  The planning and scheduling of the software development process for the Mobile Musician Project.  
  * Software Design Description.  Due 2011-02-22.  Overall architecture of the software as well as detailed design of it.
  * Configuration Management Plan Document.  Due 2011-03-15.  How configuration management can be used to improve this program.  
  * Unit Test and Integration Plan.  Due 2011-03-15.  Document to outline how and what kind of unit testing is to be carried out for Mobile Musician.  
  * Preliminary User's and Installation Manual.  Due 2011-03-29.  Document detailing how to install and use the software.  
  * Final Code and Report.  Due 2011-05-07.  The completed functional application and its code is due.  

==4.2 Project Resources==

===4.2.1 Hardware Resources===

*4.2.1.1* Macintosh computer with Snow Leopard is required to run Xcode, a tool for development. 

	*4.2.1.2* An iPod Touch, iPhone, or iPad is required to run the application.

===4.2.2 Software Resources=== 

	*4.2.2.1 Xcode*—a text editor for creating Apple projects.  

	*4.2.2.2 iPod Touch Simulator* for testing GUI code on a virtual machine.  

	*4.2.2.3 Open Office* for creating documentation.  

==4.3. Project Organization==

These are the major functions of Mobile Musician:

	*4.3.1* Buttons that play notes.*  This is the primary function of the program and the completion of 	this also implies a fundamental understanding of Objective-C and Xcode and their use in iPod 	based applications.  This also includes logic for calculating a note (since only one note will be 	stored).

	*4.3.2 Implementation of scales.*  This includes defining multiple scales and being able to arrange 	the buttons according to those scales.

	*4.3.3 User Defined scales.*  A menu function that allows users to create their own scales, then 	arrange the buttons accordingly.  They will select what notes they want from a list.

	*4.3.4 Menu widgets.*  This includes functions to toggle sustain and note letters on buttons on and 	off,  randomization of notes, and different instruments.

	*4.3.5 Record and playback.*  Recording and playing back of a 10 second phrase.  

==4.4 Schedule==

This section provides schedule information for Mobile Musician.

===4.4.1 GANTT Chart===

see chart in Downloads.

===4.4.2 Task and Resource Table===

TBC

==Table of Contents==

4 Software Development Plan
4.1 Introduction
		4.1.1 Project Deliverables
4.2 Project Resources
		4.2.1 Hardware Resources
		4.2.2 Software Resources
4.3 Project Organization
4.4 Schedule
4.4.1 Gantt Chart
		4.4.2 Task and Resource Table