#summary Test Plan Document for Mobile Musician

= Test Plan Document =

== 8.1 Introduction ==

This document outlines the plans for how Mobile Musician will be tested.  It includes unit testing, integration testing, and acceptance testing.  Some tests will be run through manual procedures but some will be automated through assert statements in test files.  There will be one main test file that will run all the individual automated tests.  

== 8.2 Unit Test Plan ==

The unit tests in Mobile Musician test modules individually to ensure functionality when standing alone.  This includes testing each module in the model and each view.  

=== 8.2.1 Unit Tests Planned ===

==== 8.2.1.1 Note ====

Blackbox testing to verify that note objects are created and changed properly.  Also test that bad values are rejected.  

==== 8.2.1.2 Scale ====

Blackbox testing to verify that scales are properly created, and that they return notes correctly with the given root.  

==== 8.2.1.3 SoundPlayer ====

Blackbox testing to verify that the class correctly changes the pitch of a given note.  

==== 8.2.1.4 NoteView ====

Whitebox testing to verify that the correct number of boxes appears and the in the right places with the correct names.

==== 8.2.1.5 MenuView ====

White box testing to verify that the the correct buttons appear in the Menu View.

==== 8.2.1.6 ChangeScaleView ====

White box testing to verify that the correct scale buttons appear in the correct places.  

==== 8.2.1.7 CreateScaleView ====

White box testing to verify that the correct interval buttons appear int he correct places (and the cancel button).  

=== 8.2.2 Unit Test Procedures ===

==== 8.2.2.1 Note Test Procedure ====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Check the console for Note Test failures.

==== 8.2.2.2 Scale Test Procedure ====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Check the console for Scale Test failures.

==== 8.2.2.3 SoundPlayer Test Procedure ====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Check the console for SoundPlayer Test failures.

==== 8.2.2.4 NoteView Test ====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Verify that there are 48 evenly spaced buttons.
  # Verify that there the names of the notes appear in the correct order according to the scale.
  # Ensure that there is a menu button in the bottom of the screen.
  # Ensure that there is a record button in the bottom left.

==== 8.2.2.5 MenuView Test =====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Touch the Menu button.
  # A new Menu Window should appear.  
  # Verify that there are change scale, change root, and display note names buttons appear.  

==== 8.2.2.6 ChangeScaleView ====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Touch the Menu Button.
  # Touch the Change Scale Button. 
  # A new Change Scale Window should appear
  # Verify that the Predefined Scales and Create New Buttons appear.
 
==== 8.2.2.7 CreateScaleView ====

  # Run the Mobile Musician Application.
  # Touch the Menu Button.
  # Touch the Change Scale Button.
  # Touch the Create Scale Button.
  # A New Scale Window should appear.
  # Verify that there are twelve Interval Buttons and a Cancel Button.

== 8.3 Integration Test Plan ==
