#summary The User's Manual for Mobile Musician

= User's Manual =

== 9.1 Introduction ==

This document is the User's Manual and Installation Guide for Mobile Musician.  It walks through the installation and use of the Application.

== 9.2 Installing Mobile Musician ==

==== 9.2.1 Installation ====

  * Mobile Musician will eventually be deployed through the App store.  More information will be available when it is actually deployed.

==== 9.2.2 Obtaining the Source Code ====

  * If you just want to view the source code, [http://code.google.com/p/mobile-musician/source/browse/ go here] and click trunk.
  * If you want to download the source, first install [http://subversion.tigris.org/ subversion] if it isn't already.
  * Then, open a terminal or command prompt.
  * Then type:
        {{{svn checkout http://mobile-musician.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ mobile-musician-read-only}}}
  * The code should be in a folder named mobile-musician-read-only in the directory in which the command was entered.

== 9.3 Running Mobile Musician ==

  * To run Mobile Musician, go to the main menu on your iPod Touch or iPhone and locate the Mobile Musician icon.
  * Touch the Mobile Musician icon.
  * After a splash screen, the Note View should be visible.
  * To close Mobile Musician, press the home button at any time.

== 9.4 The Note View ==

  * To play a note, touch a button with the name of the note on it. 
  * To see the menu, touch the menu button. 

== 9.5 The Menu View ==

==== 9.5.1 Instrument ==== 

  * To change the instrument, press the button with the instrument you want.
  * The button you pressed should be highlighted.

==== 9.5.2 Root ==== 

  * To change the root, touch the desired note.
  * The note pressed should be highlighted.

==== 9.5.3 Note Name Display ====

  * To turn off the name of the notes on the buttons, press the "Toggle Name Display" button.
  * To turn them back on, press the button again.  

==== 9.5.4 Change Scale ==== 

  * To bring up the Change Scale View, touch the Change Scale Button.

== 9.6 Change Scale View ==

==== 9.6.1 Pre-Made Scales ====

  * To choose a pre-made scale, touch the button with the desired scale. 
  * You should be returned to the Main Menu.

==== 9.6.2 Custom Scales ====

  * To bring up the Custom Scale View, touch the Custom Scale Button.

== 9.7 Custom Scale View ==

  * Twelve buttons from C to B should appear
  * Touch the buttons you wish to be included in your scale, assuming C as the root.
  * These buttons should be highlighted.
  * Touch a highlighted button to deselect it.
  * Touch "Done" to create your scale or X to cancel.
  * You need at least 4 notes to create a scale.
  * You should be returned to the Note View.  

== 9.8 Recording and Playing Back a Sequence ==

==== 9.8.1 Reecording ====

  * To Record a sequence, press Record in the Note View.
  * Press the buttons you wish to record.
  * Press Stop to stop recording.
  * You can only record up to 15 seconds and you cannot open the Menu during recording.
  * Recording Overwrite any previous sequence, but the sequence is saved even when the user quits the application.

==== 9.8.2 Playback ====

  * To play a recording sequence, press the play button.  